1. Mandatory : Elaborate what your internship or academic projects were?
    a. What did the system do?
    b. What other systems have you seen in the wild like that?
    c. How do you approach the development problem?
    d. What were interesting aspects where you copied code from Stack Overflow?
    e. What did you learn from some very specific copy paste? Mention explicitly some
    of them.
 
ans :- internship/Academic Project : Login/Signup API and Blog App using node js and mysql;

    a. what did the system do ? : During my internship, I worked on a project that involved building
        a Login/Signup Api's and blog App system. This system used create our profile and  post our profile,
        share our comment, thoughts on particular blog on platform. In system create your account and Login
        to your app.

    b. What other systems have you seen in the wild like that? : Similar systems I've seen in the
        wild include fromworks, moduls and databases like knex, jwt, express which are used for storing and 
        manupulation the data. improve performance of the application and development.

    c. How do you approach the development problem? : When approching the development problem,
        I followed a strutured approach:

        1. Requirements and gathering : I identified of requirements of the project, including api's
            how many api's will be generated, how strutured will be designed, which module will be used.

        2. Research and planning : I research about the framwork, modules and databases. planned 
            the architecture of the system.

        3. Implementation : I implemented the system using node js and modules, databases.

        4. Testing and degugging : I tested the system and debugged the issue in the system.

        5. Deployment : I deployed the system on free cloud platform.

    d. What were interesting aspects where you copied code from Stack Overflow? :  One interesting aspect 
        was implementing the 'expires' option to keep the session alive for 12 hours. I found a solution
        on Stack Overflow that involving the calculating the number of milliseconds in 12 hours and 
        adding it to the current timestamp.

    e. What did you learn from some very specific copy paste? Mention explicitly some of them. : from this 
        project, I learned importance of:

        1. Session management : I learned how to manage sessions using the expires option to keep
            the session alive for a specified period.

        2. Error handling : I learned how to handled errors and exceptions when running the code and
            testing the application.

        3. Data storage : I learned how to store the data and how can i design schema and model of the 
            database.

